you
hey guys I'm Jake from today's iphone
calm we have a lot of stuff to cover
this week so let's get started now
obviously the thing I most people's
minds this week is the apple press
conference I was held on friday Apple
made a point of showing that not just
the iphone 4 suffers from the death grip
issue it affects certain blackberry
devices to earn Android devices certain
windows mobile devices most of stuff she
was talking about was pretty predictable
until he announced that they were going
to give everybody a free case now
unfortunately they haven't made enough
bumpers to give to everybody who bought
an iphone 4 so they're teaming up with
some third-party case makers to offer a
wide variety of cases to people that
want one it'll be interesting to see
what manufacturers Apple gets on board
with this considering it's probably
pretty costly some other things Apple
talked about is the white iphone ships
at the end of July they're also working
on a software fix to address the
proximity sensor issues that a limited
number of users are experiencing last
week we showed you some pictures of what
could be the new front panel for the
ipod touch it looked as though there is
a place for a front-facing camera which
led people to believe that maybe Apple
be implementing FaceTime on the ipod
touch now this week BGR got a tip that
may in fact verify this they have what
seems to be a screenshot of an ipod
touch at the facetime activation screen
registering an email address in lieu of
a phone number this would make sense
since Apple has made face i'm an open
sander and they want to make it as
widely adopted as possible in ipad news
cam case a look at a room from DigiTimes
that states that Apple may be looking to
produce a smaller iPad the reported five
point six and seven inch screens would
be geared more towards eight ereader
market if anybody's guess on what this
rumor means but a small iPad just seems
so familiar
now if you've already gotten ipad apple
released an update this week three point
two point one this update is purported
to fix Wi-Fi connectivity fix an issue
involving single page PDF attachments
fix an issue that could cause video
playback to freeze improve reliability
of video out when using ipad dock
connector to vga adapter and add being
as a search engine in safaris field it's
pretty standard stuff i think at this
point most people are waiting for iOS
four to come to the ipad but this is a
nice incremental update hopefully we'll
see iOS four sometime soon oberon
jailbreak Tuesday Bob tells us that they
finally jailbroke the iphone 4
unfortunately you're going to have to
wait a little bit longer till you can
break into your shiny new phone the
iphone dev team says it's in streamlined
mode which means that they're just
trying to polish up the software before
they release it to the masses fingers
crossed that sometime soon developers
going to treat this week when they were
given the beta of iOS 4.1 good thing for
us though they weren't the only ones who
got a software update if you haven't
already done so plug your iphone 3 3gs
or 4 into itunes and update to iOS 4.0
point one they'll upon closer inspection
the only noticeable difference is the
size of the signal bars unfortunately
that doesn't really make a difference if
you don't have a signal in the first
place Apple Insider got his hands on an
apple patent filed in March let's hope
this isn't one of those apple patents
that make fanboys all over the world
drool and never actually get made
anybody else remember the flip iPhone
this patent however isn't for a new
iphone is for a new dock it works in
very much the same way that the
touchstone charger works for palm
devices there are no physical conductors
on this which means placing your phone
to I've had in this doc would allow you
to charge or sync wirelessly but I
really don't think this is necessary and
finally a nap news firefox home was just
released on the iTunes App Store this is
different than firefox mobile however
it's not a full-blown browser but it
lets you sync your history bookmarks and
passwords with your Firefox on your
desktop computer and then you can open
links within the application or open
them in Safari the app is free to
download so if you're a Firefox user you
should definitely check this out well
that's it for this week guys thanks for
watching and remember for more news
views and reviews check out today's
iphone calm